Add ESC Customer Managed Keys Docs (#15346)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/esc/administration/customer-managed-keys.md

---
title_tag: "Pulumi ESC: Customer Managed Keys"
meta_desc: Bring your own encryption keys to protect data within Pulumi Cloud for enhanced security and compliance.
title: Customer Managed Keys
h1: Customer Managed Keys
meta_image: /images/docs/meta-images/docs-meta.png
menu:
  esc:
    parent: pulumi-esc-admin
    weight: 2
---

{{% notes "info" %}}
Customer Managed Keys are available for organizations using the Enterprise and Business Critical editions.
Learn more about editions on the [pricing page](/pricing/).
{{% /notes %}}

## Overview

Pulumi ESC supports Customer Managed Keys (CMKs) to improve the security and compliance of your data. CMKs allow you
to use your own encryption keys to protect secrets in Pulumi ESC through an external
Key Management System (KMS).

CMKs encrypt data keys, which are used to encrypt secrets in Pulumi ESC. When you add your first CMK, all
existing data keys encrypted with the Pulumi-managed key will be automatically re-encrypted with the new CMK. The
encrypted secrets do not change.

Only organization admins can manage CMKs.

{{% notes "info" %}}

> Currently, Customer Managed Keys are only used to encrypt data in Pulumi ESC, and only AWS KMS is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Customer Managed Keys support keys from AWS KMS and are only used to encrypt data stored in Pulumi ESC.
```

I think this phrase sounds too "restrictive" and avoided the double _only_.

> supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
